### Assignment One

#### Read 
Read *Net Smart* (1-33). You should come to class prepared to discuss the issues Rheingold raises, along with two specific questions you would like to raise about the reading. Bring your text to class with you (Pro Tip: You should always bring the assigned reading to class with you.)

#### Web Project
You should start thinking about the topic you will want to focus on for your semester project and come to class prepared to work on this. Write a short, one paragraph, sketch outlining the direction you are thinking about. Keep in mind the following:
* You are free to choose whatever you want for this project. But you should pick something that is exciting and that interests you as you will be working on it throughout the semester. *The Real Housewives*, Disc Golf, ALternative Knitting, Sharks, all fine topics (seriously pick something fun, imaginative and which you really enjoy).
* You want your topic to be something specific. For example TV is too broad a topic. A specific show is good. Cooking is too broad. Cheese would be good though. Sports = too broad, but the Phillies probably narrow enough, but a minor league team = even better.
Don't worry too much about the details (yet) of setting up your website, that is what the lab sections are for, but do spend time thinking about the topic.

#### Email
Email me with the following:
* Your name (as you prefer to be called, especially if its different than the one on my roster)
* A picture of you (whatever you have handy on your phone etc., this is just so I can memorize names)
* Your year in the program, are you a major or a minor? what made you decide to major/minor in COM?
* What is one website that you visit frequently that more people should (pick something unusual i.e. not *Facebook*)