### Improving Your Website

Work through the sections below in order. As a group you want to look at each website and evaluate it based on the specific questions, helping the author to understand how to improve the site.

Format: You should begin the process by having all of the people in the group, except the author of the website talk, critique and answer the questions. The author of the website should carefully listen to the feedback and take notes, but not talk, only listen. After the group has finsihed the critique the author can then talk and aske questions to clarify the feedback. The goal here is to have the author be someone who is "listening in" on a conversation about his or her site, and thus learning how others see the work, letting the work speak for itself.

####Navigation: 
* What pages are listed? 
* What is the order of the pages? 
* What is at the top of the page? The bottom? The sidebar? 
* Are there multiple navigation bars? How does this create meaning or importance? 
* What should be added? eliminated? changed?

#### Main page content area: 
* How many posts are included on the main page? 
* Are they snippets or full posts? 
* How many of these have images? should there be more or less?
* Is it easy to tell the date/time of posts? 
* How frequent are the updates? What does this say about the site?
* Is the author easy to see? 
* What content is in the sidebar? should this be changed? 
* Is there anything here that is still a “default” layout that needs to be changed?

#### Contact, social media & connected services: 
* Is it easy to contact the writer? 
* Are there specific connections to other presences on the web? 
* How many opportunities for interaction are there? 
* Are these connections active? 
* Do they reveal an engaged and conversant writer?

#### Individual posts: 
* Is the post divided into smaller headings or is it one large block of text? 
* How readable is the layout of the text? 
* How are images used? Is the typeface readable? 
* If it's a longer post are there appropriate headings? 
* List items where necessary? 
* Are external sources linked? 
* Is it clear, at the end of the post, where any filtered content might have come from?
* Are posts appropriately tagged? 

#### Content: 
* What is this blog doing? 
* Summarize in one sentence what you think this blog is about. 
* What niche is this blog fulfilling? 
* How many times per week is it updated? 
* At what times of the day are these updates happening--and how many days between each update? 
* How many of the posts are "original" content--work that shows some sort of first-person experience? 
* How many posts show the author's perspective? 
* How does the author display expertise? 
* How would you characterize the tone of this site? How does the site establish trust and relevance? How could it establish these better?
